added stl.natvis to stl (#1720)
microsoft/STL: README.md

* taking a very long time to run
* failing or passing for the incorrect reason

# Editing And Testing The Debugger Visualizer

### Modify The Visualizer

> To modify how elements look on the debugger open the file STL\stl\STL.natvis. For more information on how to modify this file check the [natvis documantation][].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To modify how elements look in the debugger edit the file debugger\STL.natvis. For more information on how to modify this file check the [natvis documentation][].

```

### Test your changes.

> After making your changes overwrithe the file under %Visual Studio instalation path%\Common7\Packages\Debugger\Visualizers\stl.natvis (is remcomended to make a backup of the file). After overwriting the file you should be able to see your chanes in a Visual Studio debugging sesion.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After making your changes overwrite the file under %Visual Studio instalation path%\Common7\Packages\Debugger\Visualizers\stl.natvis (is recommended to make a backup of the file). After overwriting the file you should be able to see your changes in a Visual Studio debugging session.

```

* taking a very long time to run
* failing or passing for the incorrect reason

# Editing And Testing The Debugger Visualizer

### Modify The Visualizer

> To modify how components are visualized in the debugger edit the file STL\stl\STL.natvis. For more information on how to modify this file check the [natvis documentation][].

Reviewer 3: I think we have one too many "STL"s here; the file we're adding is named `stl\STL.natvis`.
```suggestion
To modify how components are visualized in the debugger edit the file stl\STL.natvis. For more information on how to modify this file check the [natvis documentation][].
```

> To modify how components are visualized in the debugger edit the file STL\stl\STL.natvis. For more information on how to modify this file check the [natvis documentation][].

Reviewer 3: This pathname is very wrong now:
```suggestion
To modify how components are visualized in the debugger edit the file stl\debugger\STL.natvis. For more information on how to modify this file check the [natvis documentation][].
```

### Test your changes.

> After making your changes copy the file to any c++ Visual Studio project, after that select your right click your project > Add > Existing Item and select the stl.natvis file. After doing this you should be able to see your changes in a Visual Studio debugging session.

Reviewer 4: > After making your changes copy the file to any c++ Visual Studio project

If you're using Add Existing Item why do you need to copy it?
```suggestion
You can add the natvis file to any Visual Studio C++ project if you right click your project > Add > Existing Item and select the stl.natvis file. After doing this you should be able to see your changes in a Visual Studio debugging session.
```

* taking a very long time to run
* failing or passing for the incorrect reason

# Editing And Testing The Debugger Visualizer

### Modify The Visualizer

> To modify how components are visualized in the debugger edit the file stl\debugger\STL.natvis. For more information on

Reviewer 5: Nitpick: The readme generally uses code font for paths:
```suggestion
To modify how components are visualized in the debugger edit the file `stl\debugger\STL.natvis`. For more information on
```

[opencode@microsoft.com]: mailto:opencode@microsoft.com
[redistributables]: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/2977003/the-latest-supported-visual-c-downloads
[vcpkg]: https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg

> [natvis documantation]: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/debugger/create-custom-views-of-native-objects?view=vs-2019

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[natvis documentation]: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/debugger/create-custom-views-of-native-objects?view=vs-2019

```
